# Bamazon
Node.js &amp; MySQL homework assignment - storefront application and database.

# Tutorials
Video tutorials for each of the following versions of Bamazon have been included in this repository under the folder "tutorials."

# Customer View
This is the version of Bamazon which is seen by customers. Customers are able to view all available products and make purchases.
The tutorial video demonstrates the following: invalid user input when ordering an item (item id and quantity), how to purchase an item, and how to place an order that contains multiple purchases.

# Manager View
This is the version of Bamazon which is seen by managers. Managers are able to view all available products, view products with low inventory, add items to the inventory, and add new products.
The tutorial video demonstrates the following: how to view all products, how to view products with low inventory, invalid user input when adding inventory (item id and quantity), how to add items to the inventory, invalid user input when adding a new product (price and quantity), and how to add a new product. The video then shows that these changes are immediately reflected in the customer view.

# Supervisor View
This is the version of Bamazon which is seen by supervisors. Supervisors are able to view sales by department and add new departments. 
The tutorial video demonstrates the following: how to view sales by department, invalid user input when creating a new department (overhead costs), and how to add a new department. The video then shows a manager adding a new product to the newly-created department and a customer purchasing that new product. The video then returns to the supervisor, who is able to review the sales generated by the purchase of the new product from the new department.
